feat: add Technical SEO Analyst job role (#468)
ory/web: src/markdown/jobs/technicalSEOanalyst.mdx

metaDescription: Read the Technical SEO Analyst job description.'
lastUpdatedAt: 'December 12, 2021'
description:
  'Lead technical SEO efforts to build the Ory brand.'
location: 'Munich, Germany'
position: 'Full Time'
---

import { About, Dev, WorkAtOry } from './shared'

## Technical SEO Analyst

<About />

Ory is the largest open-source authentication and authorization (login,
registration, MFA, permissions, OAuth2) ecosystem and community in the world. We
develop open-source software and use it to build a scalable, easy-to-use, and
secure cloud platform. You will provide organizational support to Ory leadership
to ensure smooth operations and communications. Together with the CEO, you will
provide a core leadership function that collaborates with UX design,
engineering, finance, marketing, and data analytics.

### Overview

- **Position Type:** Full Time
- **Location**: Munich, Germany
- **Components**: DeepCrawl, Screaming Frog, and SEO Rada

### What You'll Do

- Lead technical SEO efforts in collaboration with web development and product teams
- Assist on general SEO projects such as keyword research, content planning, and other internal SEO lead work

> - Monitor the Ory Corp website – finding and resolving technical or content issues that arise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Monitor Ory‘s web presence – finding and resolving technical or content issues that arise
```

- Help us determine internal web content accessibility standards and understand how they impact SEO
- Communicate SEO best practices to the rest of the marketing team, and make sure they’re being followed. 
- Devise a best practice documentation scheme to communicate easi with engineering teams
- Work with growth marketing people to foresee impact to SEO during A/B testing experiments. 
- Communicate SEO roadmaps to relevant members of company leadership
- Stay in the know on industry best practices and innovations in technical SEO
- Assist on wider SEO objectives such as site migrations, page deprecations, and more

### We’re looking for someone who has

> - 4 + years of experience working in technical SEO with multiple CMS platforms.

Reviewer: @BlueAcidFrog @marneysof is this a strict requirement? or can we soften it up?

Reviewer 2: @aeneasr we can but I wouldn't recommend it. If needed we can go for 3+ years.

Reviewer: ok then keep as is
